README.md, before:

# Platform Samples

A collection of samples of different Android OS platform APIs.

> **Note:** the goal of these samples are to showcase certain functionality in isolation and might
> use simplified code. For best practices follow our documentation and check
> [Now In Android](https://github.com/android/nowinandroid)

Browse the samples inside each topic samples folder:

- [Camera](samples/camera)
- [Connectivity](samples/connectivity)
- [Location](samples/location)
- [Privacy](samples/privacy)
- [User-interface](samples/user-interface)

You can find a list of all the available samples [here](samples/README.md).

> **Important:** each sample is isolated from the rest and only contains the specific sample code.
> The wiring into the main application is done under the hood and an implementation detail not
> needed to understand the sample functionality.

## How to run

1. Clone the repository
2. Open the whole project in Android Studio.
3. Sync & Run

This will open the samples list screen that allows you to navigate throughout the different
categories and available samples.

### Deeplink to sample

To open a specific sample directly you can use one of the auto-generated configurations.

1. Open Run Configuration dropdown
2. Select sample name
3. Run

> **Tip:** use `⌃⌥R` or `Alt+Shift+F10` shortcut to open the full list and launch the selected one. 

## Reporting Issues

You can report an [issue with a sample](https://github.com/android/platform-samples/issues) using
this repository. When doing so, make sure to specify which sample you are referring to.

## Contributions

Please contribute! We will gladly review any pull requests.
Make sure to read the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) page first though.

## License

```
Copyright 2022 The Android Open Source Project
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

Fix Sample council comments
- Dynamic year for create sample script
- Highlight casa framework and what's not relevant in README.md
- Remove include(:samples) from settings.gradle.kts it was not needed since subfolders already add it

Change-Id: Ib3d5ec3b75cac9612abb99c2f0038f05fbfaa322

README.md, after:

# Platform Samples

A collection of samples of different Android OS platform APIs.

> **Note:** the goal of these samples are to showcase certain functionality in isolation and they 
> might use simplified code. The project uses the
> [casa-android](https://github.com/google/casa-android) (intended only for demo projects).
> 
> For best practices follow our documentation and check
> [Now In Android](https://github.com/android/nowinandroid)

Browse the samples inside each topic samples folder:

- [Accessibility](samples/accessibility)
- [Camera](samples/camera)
- [Connectivity](samples/connectivity)
- [Location](samples/location)
- [Privacy](samples/privacy)
- [User-interface](samples/user-interface)

You can find a list of all the available samples [here](samples/README.md).

> **Important:** each sample is isolated from the rest and only contains the specific sample code.
> The wiring into the main application is done under the hood and an implementation detail not
> needed to understand the sample functionality.

## How to run

1. Clone the repository
2. Open the whole project in Android Studio.
3. Sync & Run `app` configuration

The app will open with the samples list screen that allows you to navigate throughout the different
categories and available samples.

> **Note:** the `app` module is required to bring together all the samples but it's not relevant
> for their functionality, you can simply ignore it.

### Deeplink to sample

To open a specific sample directly you can use one of the auto-generated configurations.

1. Build the project at least once
2. Open `Run Configuration` dropdown
3. Select sample name
4. Run

> **Tip:** use `⌃⌥R` or `Alt+Shift+F10` shortcut to open the full list and launch the selected one. 

## Reporting Issues

You can report an [issue with a sample](https://github.com/android/platform-samples/issues) using
this repository. When doing so, make sure to specify which sample you are referring to.

## Contributions

Please contribute! We will gladly review any pull requests.
Make sure to read the [Contributing](CONTRIBUTING.md) page first though.

## License

```
Copyright 2023 The Android Open Source Project
 
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
