samples/README.md, before:

# Available Samples

- [App Widgets](user-interface/appwidgets/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/appwidgets/AppWidgets.kt):
Showcases how to pin widget within the app. Check the launcher widget menu for all the app widgets samples
- [Call Notification Sample](connectivity/callnotification/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/callnotification/CallNotificationSample.kt):
Sample demonstrating how to make incoming call notifications and in call notifications
- [Camera Preview](camera/camera2/src/main/java/com/example/platform/camera/preview/Camera2Preview.kt):
Demonstrates displaying processed pixel data directly from the camera sensor 
- [Color Contrast](accessibility/src/main/java/com/example/platform/accessibility/ColorContrast.kt):
This sample demonstrates the importance of proper color contrast and how to 
- [Communication Audio Manager Sample](connectivity/audio/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/audio/AudioCommsSample.kt):
This sample shows how to use audio manager to for Communication application that self-manage the call.
- [Companion Device Manager Sample](connectivity/bluetooth/companion/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/cdm/CompanionDeviceManagerSample.kt):
This samples shows how to use the CDM to pair and connect with BLE devices
- [Connect to a GATT server](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/ConnectGATTSample.kt):
Shows how to connect to a GATT server hosted by the BLE device and perform simple operations
- [ConstraintLayout - 1. Centering Views](user-interface/constraintlayout/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/constraintlayout/ConstraintLayout.kt):
Center child views horizontally or vertically.
- [Conversion suggestions](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/ConversionSuggestions.kt):
Demonstrates how to implement the incremental search feature for non-alphabet languages with the Conversion Suggestions API.
- [Create a GATT server](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/GATTServerSample.kt):
Shows how to create a GATT server and communicate with the GATT client
- [Data Access](privacy/transparency/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/transparency/DataAccess.kt):
Demonstrates how to implement data access auditing for your app to identify 
- [Displaying UltraHDR](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/DisplayingUltraHDR.kt):
This sample demonstrates displaying an UltraHDR image.
- [Displaying UltraHDR (Glide)](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/DisplayingUltraHDRUsingGlide.kt):
This sample demonstrates using the Glide image loading library to detect the
- [Downloadable Fonts](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/DownloadableFonts.kt):
Download fonts instead of bundling them in the app resources.
- [Drag and Drop](user-interface/draganddrop/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/draganddrop/DragAndDrop.kt):
Demonstrates basic Drag and Drop functionality.
- [Find devices sample](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/FindBLEDevicesSample.kt):
This example will demonstrate how to scanning for Low Energy Devices
- [Haptics - 1. Vibration effects](user-interface/haptics/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/haptics/Haptics.kt):
Shows various vibration effects.
- [Hyphenation](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/Hyphenation.kt):
Demonstrates different options for the `android:hyphenationFrequency` attribute
- [Image Capture](camera/camera2/src/main/java/com/example/platform/camera/imagecapture/Camera2ImageCapture.kt):
This sample demonstrates how to capture and image using Camera2 and encode it 
- [Immersive mode](user-interface/window-insets/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/insets/ImmersiveMode.kt):
Immersive mode enables your app to display full-screen by hiding system bars.
- [LineBreak](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/LineBreak.kt):
Demonstrates different options for the `android:lineBreakWordStyle` attribute.
- [Linkify](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/Linkify.kt):
Linkify is useful for creating links in TextViews.
- [Live Region (View)](accessibility/src/main/java/com/example/platform/accessibility/LiveRegionView.kt):
Utilize LiveRegion to automatically notify users of accessibility services
- [Location - Background Location updates](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/bglocationaccess/BgLocationAccessScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate how to access location and get location updates when app is in background
- [Location - Create and monitor Geofence](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/geofencing/GeofencingScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate best practices for Creating and monitoring geofence
- [Location - Getting Current Location](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/currentLocation/CurrentLocationScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate how to request of current location
- [Location - Permissions](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/permission/LocationPermissionsScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate best practices for Location Permission
- [Location - Updates](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/locationupdates/LocationUpdatesScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate how to get location updates
- [Location - User Activity Recognition](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/useractivityrecog/UserActivityRecognitionScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate detection of user activity like walking, driving, etc.
- [MediaStore - Query](storage/src/main/java/com/example/platform/storage/mediastore/MediaStoreQuery.kt):
Query files indexed by MediaStore
- [MotionLayout - 01. Basic](user-interface/constraintlayout/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/constraintlayout/MotionLayout.kt):
Basic motion example using referenced ConstraintLayout files
- [Multiple Permissions](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/MultiplePermissions.kt):
Shows the recommended flow to request multiple RELATED runtime permissions
- [Package Visibility](privacy/data/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/data/PackageVisibility.kt):
A sample that showcase how the package visibility queries affects the available packages
- [PdfRenderer](graphics/pdf/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/pdf/PdfRenderer.kt):
Demonstrates how to use PdfRenderer to display PDF documents on the screen.
- [Permissionless](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/Permissionless.kt):
This sample demonstrate how you can avoid requesting permission for certain actions by leveraging System APIs
- [Permissions using Compose](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/ComposePermissions.kt):
This sample showcases how to request permission using Accompanist in Compose
- [PhotoPicker](storage/src/main/java/com/example/platform/storage/photopicker/PhotoPicker.kt):
Select images/videos in a privacy-friendly way using the photo picker
- [Picture in Picture (PiP) - Stopwatch](user-interface/picture-in-picture/src/main/java/com/example/android/pip/PiPSampleActivity.kt):
Basic usage of Picture-in-Picture mode showcasing a stopwatch
- [Picture in Picture (PiP) - Video playback](user-interface/picture-in-picture/src/main/java/com/example/android/pip/PiPMovieActivity.kt):
Basic usage of Picture-in-Picture mode showcasing video playback
- [Quick Settings](user-interface/quicksettings/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/quicksettings/QuickSettings.kt):
Add your custom tile to the Quick Settings.
- [Scan with BLE Intent](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/BLEScanIntentSample.kt):
This samples shows how to use the BLE intent to scan for devices
- [Screenshot Detection](privacy/transparency/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/transparency/ScreenshotDetection.kt):
This sample shows how to detect that the user capture the screen in Android 14 onwards
- [Selected Photos Access](storage/src/main/java/com/example/platform/storage/mediastore/SelectedPhotosAccess.kt):
Check and request storage permissions
- [Single Permission](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/SinglePermission.kt):
Shows the recommended flow to request single runtime permissions
- [Speakable Text](accessibility/src/main/java/com/example/platform/accessibility/SpeakableText.kt):
The sample demonstrates the importance of having proper labels for
- [TextSpan](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/TextSpan.kt):
buildSpannedString is useful for quickly building a rich text.
- [UltraHDR Image Capture](camera/camera2/src/main/java/com/example/platform/camera/imagecapture/Camera2UltraHDRCapture.kt):
This sample demonstrates how to capture a 10-bit compressed still image and 
- [UltraHDR to HDR Video](media/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/media/ultrahdr/video/UltraHDRToHDRVideo.kt):
This sample demonstrates converting a series of UltraHDR images into a HDR 
- [Visualizing an UltraHDR Gainmap](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/VisualizingAnUltraHDRGainmap.kt):
This sample demonstrates visualizing the underlying gainmap of an UltraHDR 
- [WindowInsetsAnimation](user-interface/window-insets/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/insets/WindowInsetsAnimation.kt):
Shows how to react to the on-screen keyboard (IME) changing visibility, and also controlling the IME's visibility.
- [WindowManager](user-interface/windowmanager/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/windowmanager/demos/WindowDemosActivity.kt):
Demonstrates how to use the Jetpack WindowManager library.

Commit message:

Adding edit operations (scale, crop, rotate) on an ultrahdr image

samples/README.md, after:

# Available Samples

- [App Widgets](user-interface/appwidgets/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/appwidgets/AppWidgets.kt):
Showcases how to pin widget within the app. Check the launcher widget menu for all the app widgets samples
- [Call Notification Sample](connectivity/callnotification/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/callnotification/CallNotificationSample.kt):
Sample demonstrating how to make incoming call notifications and in call notifications
- [Camera Preview](camera/camera2/src/main/java/com/example/platform/camera/preview/Camera2Preview.kt):
Demonstrates displaying processed pixel data directly from the camera sensor 
- [Color Contrast](accessibility/src/main/java/com/example/platform/accessibility/ColorContrast.kt):
This sample demonstrates the importance of proper color contrast and how to 
- [Communication Audio Manager Sample](connectivity/audio/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/audio/AudioCommsSample.kt):
This sample shows how to use audio manager to for Communication application that self-manage the call.
- [Companion Device Manager Sample](connectivity/bluetooth/companion/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/cdm/CompanionDeviceManagerSample.kt):
This samples shows how to use the CDM to pair and connect with BLE devices
- [Connect to a GATT server](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/ConnectGATTSample.kt):
Shows how to connect to a GATT server hosted by the BLE device and perform simple operations
- [ConstraintLayout - 1. Centering Views](user-interface/constraintlayout/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/constraintlayout/ConstraintLayout.kt):
Center child views horizontally or vertically.
- [Conversion suggestions](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/ConversionSuggestions.kt):
Demonstrates how to implement the incremental search feature for non-alphabet languages with the Conversion Suggestions API.
- [Create a GATT server](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/GATTServerSample.kt):
Shows how to create a GATT server and communicate with the GATT client
- [Data Access](privacy/transparency/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/transparency/DataAccess.kt):
Demonstrates how to implement data access auditing for your app to identify 
- [Displaying UltraHDR](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/DisplayingUltraHDR.kt):
This sample demonstrates displaying an UltraHDR image.
- [Displaying UltraHDR (Glide)](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/DisplayingUltraHDRUsingGlide.kt):
This sample demonstrates using the Glide image loading library to detect the
- [Editing UltraHDR](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/edit/EditingUltraHDR.kt):
This sample demonstrates editing an UltraHDR image. Spatial edit operations like crop, rotate, scale are supported.
- [Downloadable Fonts](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/DownloadableFonts.kt):
Download fonts instead of bundling them in the app resources.
- [Drag and Drop](user-interface/draganddrop/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/draganddrop/DragAndDrop.kt):
Demonstrates basic Drag and Drop functionality.
- [Find devices sample](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/FindBLEDevicesSample.kt):
This example will demonstrate how to scanning for Low Energy Devices
- [Haptics - 1. Vibration effects](user-interface/haptics/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/haptics/Haptics.kt):
Shows various vibration effects.
- [Hyphenation](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/Hyphenation.kt):
Demonstrates different options for the `android:hyphenationFrequency` attribute
- [Image Capture](camera/camera2/src/main/java/com/example/platform/camera/imagecapture/Camera2ImageCapture.kt):
This sample demonstrates how to capture and image using Camera2 and encode it 
- [Immersive mode](user-interface/window-insets/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/insets/ImmersiveMode.kt):
Immersive mode enables your app to display full-screen by hiding system bars.
- [LineBreak](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/LineBreak.kt):
Demonstrates different options for the `android:lineBreakWordStyle` attribute.
- [Linkify](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/Linkify.kt):
Linkify is useful for creating links in TextViews.
- [Live Region (View)](accessibility/src/main/java/com/example/platform/accessibility/LiveRegionView.kt):
Utilize LiveRegion to automatically notify users of accessibility services
- [Location - Background Location updates](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/bglocationaccess/BgLocationAccessScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate how to access location and get location updates when app is in background
- [Location - Create and monitor Geofence](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/geofencing/GeofencingScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate best practices for Creating and monitoring geofence
- [Location - Getting Current Location](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/currentLocation/CurrentLocationScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate how to request of current location
- [Location - Permissions](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/permission/LocationPermissionsScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate best practices for Location Permission
- [Location - Updates](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/locationupdates/LocationUpdatesScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate how to get location updates
- [Location - User Activity Recognition](location/src/main/java/com/example/platform/location/useractivityrecog/UserActivityRecognitionScreen.kt):
This Sample demonstrate detection of user activity like walking, driving, etc.
- [MediaStore - Query](storage/src/main/java/com/example/platform/storage/mediastore/MediaStoreQuery.kt):
Query files indexed by MediaStore
- [MotionLayout - 01. Basic](user-interface/constraintlayout/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/constraintlayout/MotionLayout.kt):
Basic motion example using referenced ConstraintLayout files
- [Multiple Permissions](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/MultiplePermissions.kt):
Shows the recommended flow to request multiple RELATED runtime permissions
- [Package Visibility](privacy/data/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/data/PackageVisibility.kt):
A sample that showcase how the package visibility queries affects the available packages
- [PdfRenderer](graphics/pdf/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/pdf/PdfRenderer.kt):
Demonstrates how to use PdfRenderer to display PDF documents on the screen.
- [Permissionless](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/Permissionless.kt):
This sample demonstrate how you can avoid requesting permission for certain actions by leveraging System APIs
- [Permissions using Compose](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/ComposePermissions.kt):
This sample showcases how to request permission using Accompanist in Compose
- [PhotoPicker](storage/src/main/java/com/example/platform/storage/photopicker/PhotoPicker.kt):
Select images/videos in a privacy-friendly way using the photo picker
- [Picture in Picture (PiP) - Stopwatch](user-interface/picture-in-picture/src/main/java/com/example/android/pip/PiPSampleActivity.kt):
Basic usage of Picture-in-Picture mode showcasing a stopwatch
- [Picture in Picture (PiP) - Video playback](user-interface/picture-in-picture/src/main/java/com/example/android/pip/PiPMovieActivity.kt):
Basic usage of Picture-in-Picture mode showcasing video playback
- [Quick Settings](user-interface/quicksettings/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/quicksettings/QuickSettings.kt):
Add your custom tile to the Quick Settings.
- [Scan with BLE Intent](connectivity/bluetooth/ble/src/main/java/com/example/platform/connectivity/bluetooth/ble/BLEScanIntentSample.kt):
This samples shows how to use the BLE intent to scan for devices
- [Screenshot Detection](privacy/transparency/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/transparency/ScreenshotDetection.kt):
This sample shows how to detect that the user capture the screen in Android 14 onwards
- [Selected Photos Access](storage/src/main/java/com/example/platform/storage/mediastore/SelectedPhotosAccess.kt):
Check and request storage permissions
- [Single Permission](privacy/permissions/src/main/java/com/example/platform/privacy/permissions/SinglePermission.kt):
Shows the recommended flow to request single runtime permissions
- [Speakable Text](accessibility/src/main/java/com/example/platform/accessibility/SpeakableText.kt):
The sample demonstrates the importance of having proper labels for
- [TextSpan](user-interface/text/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/text/TextSpan.kt):
buildSpannedString is useful for quickly building a rich text.
- [UltraHDR Image Capture](camera/camera2/src/main/java/com/example/platform/camera/imagecapture/Camera2UltraHDRCapture.kt):
This sample demonstrates how to capture a 10-bit compressed still image and 
- [UltraHDR to HDR Video](media/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/media/ultrahdr/video/UltraHDRToHDRVideo.kt):
This sample demonstrates converting a series of UltraHDR images into a HDR 
- [Visualizing an UltraHDR Gainmap](graphics/ultrahdr/src/main/java/com/example/platform/graphics/ultrahdr/display/VisualizingAnUltraHDRGainmap.kt):
This sample demonstrates visualizing the underlying gainmap of an UltraHDR 
- [WindowInsetsAnimation](user-interface/window-insets/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/insets/WindowInsetsAnimation.kt):
Shows how to react to the on-screen keyboard (IME) changing visibility, and also controlling the IME's visibility.
- [WindowManager](user-interface/windowmanager/src/main/java/com/example/platform/ui/windowmanager/demos/WindowDemosActivity.kt):
Demonstrates how to use the Jetpack WindowManager library.
